Thank you, Lord Chiying, for helping me make an appointment with His Royal Highness the Warlord
In the future, if I prosper
I will never forget that the red shadow is low
This is also your blessing.
I'm just in charge of passing the word
Besides
I have received your reward.
Isn't it cheap?
Okay, I've sent it
I don't drink wine
My master also sent me
To find Miss Shi Ran Ran to send the phoenix?
I have to find him quickly
Phoenix Order
It is the Phoenix Order that the Phoenix Hall summons the Divine Weapon of the Temple Protection
Yes, it's an order from the Emperor
I need to find Miss Shi ASAP and send it to her
Ah my lord
I know he's there.
Tomorrow there will be an invited tenders banquet at the Wanting Hotel
He's the one who won the bidding
Fine. Then I have something else to do.
Go one step first
Lord Zhiying, please walk slowly
Wife oops
Your goddaughter can really have it.
But the guy at the back?
It is indeed His Royal Highness, hahaha
My Vision
When did you miss it?
I knew this girl wasn't simple
An ordinary girl
The ability to take a company public from scratch
Even my brother can't do it
Behind him must be the big guy
My direct disciple and Suzaku
Chi Ying has been dating for so long
I want to see the emperor
He doesn't agree
But I have since recognized Ran Ran
He agreed right away
He must have known about our relationship
Want to help me
Wait until you get the help of that lord
Our industries are not limited to
In the small sea market
OK
adult
Governor Long has ordered me to close this floor
No one can disturb your rest.
The party starts later
Governor Dragon will arrive soon
I see. Yes.
Good night to Wanting Hotel
Show you a good show
Shi Ranran Longjing
I'm really looking forward to seeing you tonight.